The DC-3 challenge box from vulnhub can be downloaded from the zip file. I had a little bit of challenge setting the virtual 
machine up (I've never had this issue before, so this was odd), but I found the ip of the machine as '192.168.1.5'. I got this 
from an nmap ping sweep (nmap -sn [SUBNET]). I then used an nmap aggressive scan (nmap -A [HOST]) to find out the services it was 
running. The results can be seen in the 'Faraday-SR-dc-3.csv' file.

The scan showed that the machine was running a webserver, the only vector on the machine. The server was also using 'joomla!'. I 
ran joomscan to find the version and look up the service and version in 'searchsploit'. This gave only one vulnerability to use: an
sql injection point. 

sqlmap was my tool of choice to attack this vulnerability. The results can be seen in the 'sqlmap dump.txt' file. The table and 
column data allowed me to find the username password pair: 'admin : $2y$10$DpfpYjADpejngxNh9GnmCeyIHCWpL97CVRnGeZsVJwR0kWFlfB1Zu '. 
At first I had trouble identifying the hash using hashID and md5hashing.net, but just blindly sending it off to 'john' worked (with
the rockyou.txt wordlist). I found out the password was 'snoopy' from john.

I then logged into the webserver found out at the start (on http://[HOST]/administator) with the found creds. After frantically 
looking for a point to upload a webshell, I finally found the template section. I uploaded the 'shell.php' file (after editing the 
payload a bit), and got the shell to run with the url http://[HOST]/templates/protostar/shell.php and a netcat listener (nc -lvp 
[PORT]).

I tried to get metasploit priv esc modules to work on the session once I used the metasploit listener, but these have never worked 
for me in the past or now. I went back to 'searchsploit' to find a working priv esc. I had a bit of trouble finding an area that I 
was able to upload files, but the tmp directory worked fine. I had to chmod each file after upload to run them though. After 
uploading about 20 c files to see if even 1 would work, I finally got to the '39772.zip' from exploitdb, and after running each 
part, I got root.

I learned several important things from this challenge. First, 'searchsploit' should always be my first stop for finding 
vulnerabilities. It always gave me exactly what I needed without the long wait you get from a freshly started metasploit. Second, 
there is always (almost) a tool that scans the exact service you need scanned. I had to look through the tool list for kali to even
find out that joomscan existed. I had used the other tools in the past, but this new one was perfect.

I did fall down several rabbit holes. First, as soon as I saw the login for the website ('page.png'), I instantly thought of 
bruteforcing it. The page had stated "admin" made it, so I knew the username. I got the post form from 'Burp' and was about to send
it to 'hydra', but I stopped myself because 'searchsploit' came to mind. Second, I looked way too far into the website. I have 
never really done much with webapps, so I was sort of trying to find everything I could. I was doing deep analyzing of random 
files I had gotten from a directory listing. I also started to dissect the javascript to find some sort of hidden clues. There were
other small holes, but those cost me the most time.
