This is the pumpkin garden box from vulnhub, first of the mission pumpkin series.
The initial recon (nmap agro scan) showed only an ftp service. I found the version and the anonymous login. The anon login only got 
me a file called note.txt. The file only contained
"
Hello Dear!
Looking for route map to PumpkinGarden? I think jack can help you find it.
"
This looked like a reference to john the ripper (from jack the ripper), so I searched everything else on the ftp server. I couldn't 
find another file that was readable, so I tryed other exploitaion. No exploit-db scripts were for the correct vsftpd version, and I 
couldn't find a working cve either. I even tried an Armitage hail marry attack, but this didn't work. I lastly tried bruteforcing 
creds on the ftp server, but this got me nowhere.

I retried enumeration, in case I missed something. After a full port scan, I found 2 more services: a webserver, and ssh. The 
webserver had a commented note in the index.html hinting at the images. This led me to find a directory listing (these have always 
been rabbit holes in the past) and led me to a 'hidden_secret' dir, holding a file with what must be the hash needed from before. 
I attempted to discover what hash type it was, as well as blindly running it through hashcat and john, but in the end it was base64 
encoded. I gave credentials for the account 'scarecrow' (and a really strong, random password).

The creds worked for ftp. This actually gave us permission to change directory (but really limited). Moving to the user's home dir, 
we find a note file. This contained
"
Oops!!! I just forgot; keys to the garden are with LordPumpkin(ROOT user)! 
Reach out to goblin and share this "Y0n$M4sy3D1t" to secretly get keys from LordPumpkin.
"
This is annother cred! I tried this on ssh and ftp, but it only worked for ftp. Going to this user's home dir gave us this
"
Hello Friend! I heard that you are looking for PumpkinGarden key. 
But Key to the garden will be with LordPumpkin(ROOT user), don't worry, I know where LordPumpkin had placed the Key.
You can reach there through my backyard.
Here is the key to my backyard
https://www.securityfocus.com/data/vulnerabilities/exploits/38362.sh
"
The file is a simply written exploit (priv esc). Because ftp does not allow file uploads for these user (or execution at all), I 
tried to login to ssh again. This time goblin's creds worked (must've typed them wrong last time) and we get a user shell.
After hosting the exploit file on a webserver and uploading it to the host, I attempted to run it. The files had a tendency to 
dissapear randomly (this was really odd) and that made this very difficult. I had to edit the upload file in the end to make it 
work properly. In the end, it worked! I was able to read from the root dir, thus ending the challenge.

This challenge presented many learning oportunities. First, I learned to redo enumeration when I reach a dead end. This was vital 
to completing this challenge. I also shouldn't only rely on the nmap agro scan; a full port scan was needed. Second, I learned a 
lot about the usefullness of creds. In challenges before now, I had hardly ever seen creds, let alone 2. Lastly, I learned to 
practice and develop smaller skills. I mean this by the cryptography. Had I not done crypto challenges, I would have taken much 
longer to finish the part with scarecrow's creds. My breif exposure to stego also allowed me to rule out looking within the ftp 
files for more information.
